Fixed #31007 -- Allowed specifying type of auto-created primary keys. (#13179)
django/django: docs/ref/models/fields.txt

If ``True``, this field is the primary key for the model.

If you don't specify ``primary_key=True`` for any field in your model, Django

> will automatically add a field with the type :setting:`DEFAULT_MODEL_PK` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will automatically add a field with the type :setting:`DEFAULT_AUTO_FIELD` to
```
